resume.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Resume
---
### Email: joshpollmann102@gmail.com
# Summary Of Qualifications

* Over seven years of programming/computer experience
* Skills range from hardware installation and maintenance to software programming
* Excellent at communicating and working in groups
* Highly efficient when working alone

# Education
## University of Central Florida
GPA: 3.22
May 2019

# Honors
University of Central Florida's Dean's List (2 semesters)

# Relevant Coursework
Concepts of Parallel Distributed Programming

Artificial Intelligence

Processes for Object Orientated Software

Database Systems

Computer Science II

Object Orientated Programming

Programming Languages

Computer Logic & Organization

Enterprise Computing

# Experience
**Levil Aviation** | Software Engineer Intern | Feb 2017 - Jul 2018 | Orlando FL
* Developed both iOS and Android Applications
* Worked with WIFI firmware updates and wireless data transfers
* Programmed microcontrollers embedded in company hardware
* Designed iOS and Android user interfaces

**BAM German Bakery** | Web Developer | May 2015 - Jul 2018 | Cape Coral FL
* Designed and developed full website
* Utilized HTML and CSS to create fluid, functional site
* Worked solely on the project, managing work to meet deadlines

**Edge Realty Advisors** | IT Support Technician | May 2015 - Present | Orlando FL
* Aided in development of Microsoft Office add-ins using Visual Basic for Applications
* Utilized programming skills to create functional additions for Microsoft Word and Excel
* Provided technical support including setting up remote desktops and daily backup servers

# Skills
_**Programming**_

Highly skilled in Java, proficient in C, HTML, CSS, PHP, Haskell, knowledge in JavaScript, Python, R

_**Computer**_

Certified in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, Powerpoint)

Commit message:

Add Octave logo to About, update Resume

resume.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Resume
---
### Email: joshpollmann102@gmail.com
# Summary Of Qualifications

* Over seven years of programming/computer experience
* Skills range from hardware installation and maintenance to software programming
* Excellent at communicating and working in groups
* Highly efficient when working alone

# Education
## University of Central Florida
GPA: 3.22
May 2019

# Honors
University of Central Florida's Dean's List (2 semesters)

# Relevant Coursework
Concepts of Parallel Distributed Programming

Artificial Intelligence

Processes for Object Orientated Software

Database Systems

Computer Science II

Object Orientated Programming

Programming Languages

Computer Logic & Organization

Enterprise Computing

# Experience
**Levil Aviation** | Software Engineer Intern | Feb 2017 - Jul 2018 | Orlando FL
* Developed both iOS and Android Applications
* Worked with WIFI firmware updates and wireless data transfers
* Programmed microcontrollers embedded in company hardware
* Designed iOS and Android user interfaces

**BAM German Bakery** | Web Developer | May 2015 - Jul 2018 | Cape Coral FL
* Designed and developed full website
* Utilized HTML and CSS to create fluid, functional site
* Worked solely on the project, managing work to meet deadlines

**Edge Realty Advisors** | IT Support Technician | May 2015 - Present | Orlando FL
* Aided in development of Microsoft Office add-ins using Visual Basic for Applications
* Utilized programming skills to create functional additions for Microsoft Word and Excel
* Provided technical support including setting up remote desktops and daily backup servers

# Skills
_**Programming**_

Highly skilled in Java, proficient in C, HTML, CSS, knowledge in JavaScript, Python, R, PHP, Haskell

Proficient in Git, Latex, knowledge in using Octave, XCode, Android Studio, Wordpress

_**Certifications**_

Certified in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, Powerpoint)
